off the coast of Patagonia southern
right whales are assembling
the male's announce their arrival by
gigantic leaps a hundred tons propelled
into the air with a flip of the tail the
sound about water is like a cannon shot
below it must be felt for miles around
and here these whales demonstrate their
solution to that crucial problem for all
mammals if they're to live permanently
in the sea how to breed in water this
female is surrounded by ardent males
she's not yet ready to mate and rolls
over on her back in an attempt to keep
her genital region away from her suitors
but that is not easy when a male is as
formatively equipped as a right whale
a sledge has opened in the male's
underside and a penis protrudes 12 suite
long and highly mobile
the male's barge and jostle one another
to reach her and several may succeed one
after the other
now seemingly the female has changed her
mind she writes herself and leaves the
service now she's ready to receive a
mail
male right whales have gigantic testes
the largest in the world they weigh a
ton and produce gallons of sperm one
coupling can flush out whatever preceded
it so it may not be the first male who
succeeded in copulating who becomes a
father it will be the last
you